# COVID 19'S IMPACT ON PRODUCERS AND PEOPLE
 COVID 19'S IMPACT ON PRODUCERS AND PEOPLE

Covid19, which has entered our lives for the last 1 year, removed us from our normal life as it entered, caused our habits to change and adversely affected all kinds of activities. This virus, which emerged suddenly in China and affected the whole world, threatens to take away the health of people all over the world, apart from damaging the economies of countries and health services. Although it shows people that health is not more important than anything, new concepts such as quarantine, old normals and prohibitions entered our lives with this virus. Unfortunately, the fact that the virus is too contagious has led countries to such solutions. Of course, although everyone says health first, even being in quarantine without financial power put people in a difficult situation. For example, we are farmers. Our only financial resource is farming. We would sow our produce, remove our harvest, and display it in the greengrocer. As a result of the serious shutdowns caused by the virus, we have not been able to bring our product to the consumer nor go out of the house for a long time. Unfortunately, the situation is the same for all manufacturers, business owners and tradesmen. In addition, our economy as a country is unfortunately not as good as other countries, and our state is not able to lend a helping hand to either the tradesmen or the producers in this painful and difficult period, as our welfare level is not as high as other countries. All purchases are destined to be supplied from the market. In addition, although tradesmen and greengrocers are allowed under certain conditions on certain days of the week, nobody has yet been able to cover their past expenses, since there has been a quarantine for a long time. Questions such as how the situation in other countries is, how long and how will this process continue in our country and how our producers and tradesmen have been affected by this process will be sought with data visualization.
